2016.2:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Updated scripts for upgrade from previous release
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated to use the latest GT Ultrascale Wizard v1.6
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Added support for ultrascale plus devices
 * Added support for xcku095 device family

2015.2.1:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 12.2 (Rev. 1)
 * For Ultrascale transceivers, an update of attributes results in a change in mode of the Rx Equalizer from DFE to LPM.
 * Revised 20Gbps device support, including enabling support for ffv and fbv packages in 7-Series devices in supported speed grades
 * Added support for xq7z100rf1156-1I devices

2015.1:
 * Version 12.2
 * Kintex UltraScale Production support
 * Added support for Virtex Ultrascale GTYE3 transceivers
 * For Ultrascale devices, added an option to select the transceiver reference clock frequency used by the core: select from 125MHz, 156.25MHz or 312.5MHz
 * For Ultrascale devices, added GUI options to select per-core-instance Transceiver locations
 * For Ultrascale devices, issuing a transceiver GTRXRESET after entering near-end loopback and switching the loopback mode to near-end PCS loopback
 * Added a GUI option to enter the transceiver DRP clock frequency used by the core
 * When the transceiver Rx PRBS functionality is enabled through the optional transceiver control and status ports, periodic transceiver RX resets due to lack of lane alignment are inhibited
 * Transceiver control and status ports: added gt_txinhibit and gt_pcsrsvdin[]
 * Updated to use the latest GT Ultrascale Wizard v1.5
 * Updated to use the latest 7-Series Transceiver Wizard v3.5.
 * For GTXE2 and GTHE2 7-Series transceivers, the Transceiver Wizard update includes a change in mode of the Rx Equalizer from DFE to LPM.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 12.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 12.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Added support for 7-Series Defense-grade, Automotive, and Low Voltage parts
 * Edited the example design demonstration testbench to monitor the mgt_tx_ready signal before beginning MDIO accesses (previously the testbench waited for a fixed duration which was sometimes overly conservative)
 * Added a clock domain crossing synchronizer to signal_detect.
 * Tidied up whitespace in HDL files for better alignment and indent consistency
 * When the transceiver Rx PRBS functionality is enabled through the optional transceiver control and status ports, periodic transceiver RX resets due to lack of lane synchronization are inhibited
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Reducing the default transceiver DRPCLK frequency in the cores out-of-context XDC file from 200MHz to 125MHz.  This is the default frequency used when the core is synthesised in isolation, and is overridden when the core is implemented in a full design.

2014.3:
 * Version 12.1 (Rev. 3)
 * IBUF's have been added to the refclk_p and refclk_n inputs before the IBUFGTE2 primitive for all 7-Series devices.  These were previously inferred by the tools, so there is no change to overall logical functionality.  However, this does enable Vivado commands such as report_clock_networks to work correctly at all applicable Vivado stages
 * Updated to use the latest GT Ultrascale Wizard
 * Revised the Ultrascale reset logic to satisfy the minimum reset pulse width requirements for reset inputs of the Ultrascale GT Wizard instantiation
 * Revised the Ultrascale reset logic to assert the Rx reset to the core when the transceviers are placed in powerdown
 * For VHDL projects, all core VHDL files are now compiled into a core specific library (xaui_v12_2 for this core version) with the exception of the top level VHDL wrapper file for the core which remains in the default library (named xil_defaultlib unless overridden by the user).  This makes the core consistent with other Xilinx IP.  No changes to core instantiations are required in customer HDL files
 * Input port default tie-off values for IP Integrator have been added to signal_detect and removed from clock signals (which must be connected)
 * Fixed the example design to connect the output of the dclk BUFG clock buffer to the core (previously the dclk input was connected directly to the core)
 * The directory path to the UltraScale FPGAs Transceivers Wizard output products has been shortened

2014.2:
 * Version 12.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated to use the latest GT Ultrascale Wizard
 * Fixed an issue on the GUI symbol where the gt_dmonitorout ports did not appear in the transcevier_debug bus interfaces when targeting the GTHE2 and GTXE2 transceivers

2014.1:
 * Version 12.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Fixed the operation of the mgt_rx_reset_inprocess signal (part of the GTPE2/GTHE2 reset logic)(see Xilinx Answer 59860)
 * Fixed GTPE2/GTHE2 reliability issues by ensuring that the GTPE2/GTHE2 cannot get permanently stuck in the wrong internal datawidth setting during reset cycles. (see Xilinx Answer 59861)
 * Fixed powerdown reliability issues by ensuring that the transceiver phase alignment state machine is reset when the powerdown state is removed. (see Xilinx Answer 59292)
 * Fixed the SIM_RESET_SPEEDUP attribute setting (now set to FALSE) for GTPE2 and GTHE2 transceivers, as per the 7-Series FPGAs Transceivers User Guides.  This is required in order to simulate correctly the transcevier reset/initialization sequence; this leads to longer reset/initialization simulation times.
 * Increased the clock domain crossing synchronizer flip-flop stages for 20 Gigabits per second operation.
 * Added missing XDC constraints on the MDIO signal inputs to ease timing closure (see Xilinx Answer 59912)
 * Added clock frequency metadata to the GT reference clocks for use in IPI only.
 * Updated the description in the Vivado IP cataglogue to state that the core can support 20 Gigabits per second operation.
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 12.1
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports.
 * The mark_debug attribute was removed from all nets so that the Xilinx lab tools would not be prepopulated with an undesired configuration.

2013.3:
 * Version 12.0
 * Artix-7 and Zynq-7000 devices now supported at Production status
 * FBG packages enabled
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions.
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports support.
 * Added support for IP Integrator.
 * Fixed 7 Series GTP/GTH reset logic (see Xilinx Answer 56312).
 * Updated synchronizers to improve Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) for metastability.
 * clk156 is now always a core output (clk156_out) driven by a BUFG. This clock cannot be shared with other XAUI core instances due to the GT buffer bypass mechanism.
 * DRP ports are now only present if the additional transceiver control ports are enabled
 * Added support for the out of context flow.
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. Please refer to the Product Guide for information and port changes.
 * Updated 7 Series GTH QPLL attributes (see Xilinx Answer 56332)

2013.2:
 * Version 11.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed wrong set_false_path in XDC corresponding to AR 55226.
 * Fixed RX termination attributes for 7 series GTP and GTH (AR 55837).

2013.1:
 * Version 11.0
 * Zynq support.
 * Artix7 20G XAUI support.
 * The previous 'core block' level is now the top level of the core. This includes transicever instances. The transceiver instances and supporting logic are still delivered as plain HDL.
 * Hierarchical XDC.
 * Added support for the out-of-context flow

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
