2016.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * QPLLs are powered down by default when using CPLL only configurations to reduce power consumption
 * Fixed issue where gt_rxlpmen was being set to 0 when Transceiver debug ports or the AXI4-Lite interface were enabled
 * Set default value of gt_txdiffctrl to 0x1000 when AXI4-Lite Interface is enabled
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Fixed issue where transceiver settings were incorrectly set if the channel did not start from a QUAD boundary and had more than 4 lanes. UltraScale only (AR66029)
 * Added 64-bit data path with 64b/66b encoding/decoding. UltraScale only
 * Added GUI option to select transceiver channel attenuation. UltraScale only
 * Removed ports gt_rxdfelpmreset and gt_rxlpmen from Transceiver Debug bus when AXI4-Lite is enabled, ports are now controlled using a register in this case. See PG198 for more information
 * Fixed issue where powering down a lane would cause rx reset done not to go high
 * Fixed issue where powering down the first channel would cause rxoutclk to have the wrong frequency
 * A BUFG_GT has been added to the tx/rxoutclk output when support logic is included in the core. UltraScale configurations only
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Version register is now automatically set by Vivado during core generation
 * Improved logic around reset_done output in 7-Series configurations. A tx/rx_reset_gt will cause this output to go low.

2015.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Fixed CPLLPD connection. Output from AXI register map was not connected to the input of the Transceiver for UltraScale devices when AXI4-Lite enabled
 * Added two new ports, tx_sys_reset and rx_sys_reset. See PG198 for details
 * Added new resets to AXI register space, tx_sys_reset_axi and rx_sys_reset_axi
 * Removed unused TX and RX clock select registers for each individual lane from AXI register space. See PG198 for more information
 * Funcionality of tx_reset_gt and rx_reset_gt has changed to reset only the transceiver channel (gttxreset and gtrxreset inputs of Transceiver). These reset no longer reset the PLLs. See PG198 for more information
 * Optimized the Common and Transceiver selectors as a single register for each in the configuration sub-bank. Previously individual registers in the sub-banks. See PG198 for more information
 * Added mmcm_locked output port to 7-Series Artix configurations with Shared Logic in Core enabled
 * Added support for UltraScale GTY Transceivers
 * Added GUI option to select transceiver channel placement. UltraScale configurations only
 * Added GUI option to extend reset by 3ms for fast programming modes such as BPI or PCAP. 7-Series only
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Removed redundant cpll reset logic for 7-Series. This input was being ignored by the Transceiver. Controlled by internal state machines
 * Added logic to create a reset pulse if PLL LOCK is lost. 7-Series only
 * Fixed issue with CPLLPD and QPLLPD default values when AXI4-Lite Management Interface is enabled. PLLs are powered down if not enabled

2015.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added optional AXI4-Lite Management Interface.
 * Fixed issue where tx and rx gt_reset inputs were resetting the entire Transceciver and not the individual TX or RX paths
 * Added debug port gt*_txinhibit_in. This will affect 7-Series designs with Transceiver Debug enabled
 * Added debug ports gt_txinhibit and gt_pcsrsvdin. This will affect all UltraScale designs with Transceiver Debug enabled
 * For UltraScale devices fixed issue where QPLL0 and QPLL1 resets were tied together. This port change will affect designs with Shared Logic in Example Design
 * Added gt_rxbufreset to GUI symbol. This will affect UltraScale designs with Transceiver Debug enabled.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated Ultrascale Transceiver Wizard to version 1.5

2014.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for Defense-grade Virtex-7Q, Kintex-7Q, Zynq-7000 and Artix-7Q devices
 * Added support for XA Artix-7 and Zynq-7000 devices
 * Added missing 7-Series transceiver debug ports to GUI symbol (gtN_rxstatus_out, gtN_rxbyteisaligned_out, gtN_rxbyterealign_out, gtN_rxbufreset_in)
 * Enabled all transceiver reference clock values

2014.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial Release

(c) Copyright 2014 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
